They are and well, well, welcome to
what is the second episode of re
disparate and let's see how it goes
let's play with someone random I do not know
who do not know who is going to be let me
active my volume I thought it explained to the
see create but this time do not believe me
I think that the fart is solved
let's play with someone not so dense
because good I do not want to do
reig rescue so fast then good
let's start here what is the
game we're going to see hopefully that
accept and obviously therefore the services
I will try to make a time
predetermined in fact I do not want to be
spend a lot precisely because of that is that
this I'm going to have a chronometer here
more or less to measure how is the
business we will be able to fast game
and let's see how it goes we'll see
if you wear it if it gets sexy the fart
connecting you will connect a game
automatically let's hope it's a
good game or in any case I will have
what to look for is the only bad thing here
came in Ivan can not connect me to the
session we are going to look for a game does
while I was going to play with the killer I saw that
It was a while ago that they saw him in the
list and did not accept then for the raffle
I did not get in and then well let's see
how are we going to band precisely that
killer beat is the one that does not accept then
I will not I will not get was
played with Malaga was well pig
in victories but the net if it cracked
let's play with it we will see how
pass band
more than anything and I smoked pig monkeys
another objective of this series is
reach the maximum range to see if you can
then we go rank 9 I call rank 9 from
about half a year ago
in fact since it came out in September
October I left it as it does not take long
time september october november lo
I left like in November and gloves
November in mother range
then this good one accepts is
camping darn lobbies camperos
and it's the bad thing is the bad bands
that's precisely why the other episode
who saw it saw it more in short one was
more dynamic because I started then later
the part was already started but
well here it appears we can do a lot
let's play with this one
We hope this vato accepts because if
there are not two that do not accept first that
hitachi yes i am the mother band ok we are going to
start it was txistu wood and you do not know
that if it's not like first hockey and I went up
maybe that comes with the speed of
team of the characters we are going to
wait if we win to see with caracas and
clothing combat purchase
accused we are going to put the cachi
Y
and we are going to put
the wood of the black tunic we 're going to
play in reinforcement type let's how
we are going and good as I said this series
it's going to be tuesday and thursday they'll wait
that you like I hope you leave your like
I hope it does not get the minimum of people
white that they want to see me suffer here I
I think that would be the most beautiful thing
you could do for me to leave me a
like for watching me suffer here in this
part in this game in this damn
game
and well let's go against one with the wta is
that I am lousy using with and
the storm generations in 2 likes
a lot and I'm disgusting we 're going
damn everything well
worth mother
are they applying my van
damn it
to minimal efforts stuck
all mothers to the most demanded
today that I force with those reinforcements so I do not
I can do anything already lost the
said reinforcements
and I learned my two reinforcements of so
forces that is the business
is that if not keeping at the end like
reinforcement
and this is bugger hands
although I already have them
in this you can not have the girl very
followed by chinga I changed from that time
of pinches attack profile and wood
it just comes attacking
in fact the meat
and that good women publish
my biggest problem in this game
it was not bad it was not bad however what
fart
however the reinforcements brought the
wey harmed enough about all
endorsement and mother tells me bit of 180
meters I had them and I tried it in the
The main problem was that it had a
kick in the eggs and it has been a lot
time but good was not so bad
band was not a break because the truth
is that he played me in a decent way
So, well, now, yes, I
I will play verse on Sundays especially
I'm recording I do not know if on Wednesday or
Thursday through Thursday this is recorded by
Sundays for good serious both
episodes and they look like ok ok 2 good band
I've done here, I'm saying goodbye, it's not good
leave your like see you next and bye
good